Who said he lied?
Who are you?
I am Ding Wenxiu
I just operated on this Miss Jiang a day ago
Hahaha
Boy, where did you hire the actor?
No money, no power, still stubborn
I would never marry my granddaughter to you
Brother Qiao Hezhi, meet your master?
What is this really Dr. Ding?
Qiao Hezhi, you didn't lie to me, did you?
Jiang Dong, this is my master
Master and disciple don't know you are here
If you knew you were coming
Disciples are more than half selling axes
I heard that Dr. Ding is indifferent to fame and fortune
No one can come out
Oh, he can't be trusted with your hearsay.
I guess you're right.
All these years?
确实有很多达官显贵请我出差
But I rejected them all without exception.
Right? So what's going on now?
No one can invite me
It doesn't mean I won't take the initiative to help people heal
What's more, this young master
You gave me another Ming Dynasty court teapot?
I love it.